Update metadata docs for "libraries" and "compilationSettings" fields (#15895)
ethereum/solidity: docs/metadata.rst

Reviewer: Comparing this with the Standard JSON input docs, I see we're missing a few settings fields here:
- `optimizer.simpleCounterForLoopUncheckedIncrement`
- `viaIR`
- `debug.revertStrings`

Maybe you could add them?

Also `eofVersion`, but this is actually undocumented for input. IMO we should add it to the input and just mark it as experimental.

Author: How about I remove the std json settings contents except the differences like `compilationTarget` and `libraries`. It would otherwise be difficult to keep the metadata's settings docs up to date. I'll refer people to the compiler docs.

Reviewer: Yeah, that sounds reasonable. Please just double check I did not miss anything.

TBH we should really also have a sanity check in the implementation that the structure is the same.

Reviewer: I was surprised to see the comment saying that `runs` and `enabled` are deprecated. It seems to be coming from here: https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/pull/5959#issuecomment-465240252

Just FYI, I doubt we'll actually do that. We should probably remove the comment. I'll add that to call agenda to discuss.

          "version": 1 // NatSpec version
        }
      },
      // Required: Compiler settings.
      // Reflects the settings in the JSON input during compilation, except the
      // "compilationTarget" and the "libraries" fields. Check each field for details.

>       // See the standard JSON input's "settings" docs for the rest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // See the standard JSON input's "settings" field docs for the rest.
```

      "settings": {
        // Required for Solidity: File path and the name of the contract or library this

>         // metadata is created for. Not a valid field in the standard JSON input settings.

Reviewer: We can add even more info here:

```suggestion
        // metadata is created for. This field is not present in the standard JSON input settings.
        // The closest equivalent is settings.outputSelection, used to select compilation targets.
```

          "appendCBOR": true,
          // Reflects the setting used in the input json, defaults to "ipfs"
          "bytecodeHash": "ipfs",
          // Reflects the setting used in the input json, defaults to "false"
          "useLiteralContent": true
        },
        // Optional: Optimizer settings. The fields "enabled" and "runs" are deprecated
        // and are only given for backward-compatibility.
        "optimizer": {
          "details": {
            "constantOptimizer": false,
            "cse": false,
            "deduplicate": false,
            // inliner defaults to "false"
            "inliner": false,
            // jumpdestRemover defaults to "true"
            "jumpdestRemover": true,
            "orderLiterals": false,
            // peephole defaults to "true"
            "peephole": true,
            "yul": true,
            // Optional: Only present if "yul" is "true"
            "yulDetails": {
              "optimizerSteps": "dhfoDgvulfnTUtnIf...",
              "stackAllocation": false
            }
          },
          "enabled": true,
          "runs": 500
        },
        // Required for Solidity: Sorted list of import remappings.

>         "remappings": [ ":g=/dir" ]

Reviewer: Just noticed this. The compiler does not sort remappings before putting them in metadata. In the input they are not expected to be sorted either. The order can matter in corner cases. For example if prefixes are identical, the one specified last wins (see [Import Remapping](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/develop/path-resolution.html#import-remapping)).

It is being removed here but looks like we have the same comment in input docs so should fix it there.

Reviewer: Can you do this in this PR?

Author: Updated from 

```
// Optional: Sorted list of remappings
```

to
```
// Optional: List of remappings
```

Hope I got it right :)

Reviewer: Yeah, looks good. Thanks!

>         // The rest of the fields are the same as in the compiler's standard JSON input.

Reviewer: This is still missing some differences. Looking at input docs, there seem to be a few fields that are present in `settings`, but not included in metadata:
- `stopAfter`
- `debug.debugInfo`
- `outputSelection` (it gets replaced by `compilationTarget`)

Reviewer: This means that the `Reflects the settings in the JSON input ...` comment over the whole `settings` dict above is inaccurate as well.

Author: >  Looking at input docs, there seem to be a few fields that are present in settings, but not included in metadata:

Do you mean these fields can be passed in the std-json input but not in the metadata.settings field? I wasn't able to see this info in the input docs, I guess you are saying this not by looking at the docs but by knowing the implementation?

This means, these fields passed to a contract's std-json input will not be present in its metadata output.

Reviewer: Yes, they're allowed in the input but not included in metadata.

I found them by comparing the input docs with the metadata docs - you can see that they're in one but not in the other. I of course then confirmed this by checking the implementation ([`CompilerStack::createMetadata()`](https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/blob/v0.8.29/libsolidity/interface/CompilerStack.cpp#L1711-L1837)). I guess the fact that some fields were missing from metadata docs (especially `debug.revertStrings`) may make it seem that it's the case for everything else, but that was just those from https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/pull/15895#discussion_r1985012039.

> This means, these fields passed to a contract's std-json input will not be present in its metadata output.

My point is that now the docs claim that settings in metadata are the same as in input except for a few fields. The ones I listed are different as well (they're missing) so they should be mentioned among those fields.

>         // The rest of the fields are the same as in the compiler's standard JSON input.

Reviewer: I'd also mention explicitly that the defaults are the same for those fields.
